Improve ELK analytics documentation (#3092)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/elk-analytics-installation-guide.md

#### Configure role mapping in Kibana
 

> 1. Edit the following configuration in `kibana.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Kibana installation, navigate to the **config** directory and open **kibana.yml** file
2. Add the following configuration to the **kibana.yml** file.
```

Author: Addressed in [8f3145a](https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/3092/commits/8f3145a3f5a76ae3048fd3430e61429efb526df5)
